but what would happen if the president
called a news conference and announced
that another intelligence and alien
intelligence is here among us
interacting with humans and perhaps have
been here for a very long time for
reasons that are not exactly clear what
if the government was forced to make
this acknowledgement because of some
clear and convincing an inescapable
event how would our world change what
would be different in your life would we
freak out would society collapse or
would this uh sure in a new age of
wonder historian Richard Dolan and
writer producer Bryce Abel have pondered
these questions in great detail and have
produced a mammoth thoughtful and in my
view immensely entertaining vision of
what life would be like ad after
disclosure
thank you everyone please please have a
seat I'll be making a brief announcement
followed by later statements from the
secretaries of defense and commerce
after all of us have spoken we'll take
your questions I'll make note of the
time now it is 4:14 p.m. Eastern
Standard Time in cities across the world
including the capitals of China Russia
India and Brazil as well as our European
allies which includes specifically the
United Kingdom Germany France Spain and
Italy and also the Vatican a total of
103 countries involved I believe the
same basic announcement is being made
some simultaneously others later
depending on the time zone all right
then
the time is now 4:15 p.m. by now most of
us are familiar with the so called
Portland event this occurred 17 days ago
in the skies above the city of Portland
Oregon when an object covered in plain
sight above the citizens therefore some
11 minutes this object did not have
wings it was not a helicopter nor did it
make any sound the object was seen by
tens of thousands of people maybe more
widely videotaped photographed by
professionals and amateurs alike and was
recorded by Portland International
Airport's radar at its air traffic
control center
additionally US intelligence satellites
did receive and confirm tracking data
now most people who saw the news reports
rightly questioned what exactly this
object was I know I did when I first
heard about it in my morning
intelligence briefing I requested a
meeting with the Joint Chiefs and I put
the question to them directly was this
object one of ours the response was in
the negative I asked them if they had
any knowledge as to who was in control
of this object given that it did appear
to be intelligently controlled with a
physical structure and performance
capabilities that I am unfamiliar with I
was told that such knowledge was
classified and they would look into
clearing me now those of you who know we
will also know that the answer I receive
no matter how well-intentioned was
unsatisfactory accordingly on your
behalf I have sought direct answers to
my questions I am sorry it has taken so
long but this afternoon I believe I can
provide at least a partial answer after
consultation with key members of our
defense and intelligence community
including the officials who are here
with me at this podium it has been made
clear that there is persuasive evidence
that the earth has been and is currently
being interacted with by one or more
intelligent non-human species our our
analysis is that the object which was
observed in Portland was one of their
craft despite the issues that disclosure
of this fact now obviously raises I do
believe that the people of the United
States and the people of the earth have
a right to know in my consultations with
our allies and with other countries
around the world a consensus was reached
that while some of us might have
preferred to have more time events have
overtaken us and we can wait no longer I
want to emphasize two things immediately
first there is virtually no evidence at
this time that we are under attack in
fact the opposite seems to be true to
say that we are under some kind of
observation seems more accurate the
Secretary of Defense will speak in a
moment and he can address directly the
steps that are being taken as we speak
to secure the nation and the world
second I am through a separate executive
order creating an office of contact
Affairs this will be staffed and funded
as a part of our Department of Homeland
Security it has been given the mandate
of reporting directly to me about the
scope of this current visitation I have
concurrently directed the Attorney
General to begin her own investigation
into the nature and content of apparent
secrecy with which some of these facts
have long been held because of the need
for calm debate I have taken the
precautionary move and I emphasize
precautionary move
of making the National Guard available
to any state governor who feels that it
is needed to keep the public order
additionally to protect our nation's
economic security through my executive
authority I am closing the nation's
banks for a period of one week and also
ordering the closure of the stock market
until further notice after the Secretary
of Defense addresses the national
security component of this situation the
Secretary of Commerce will be able to
speak directly to the issue of the steps
being taken to see that the nation's
economy and monetary supply are stable
and secure now before we get to that let
me speak directly to our nation's
children and young people it is quite
clear that the facts I have confirmed
today are disturbing like your parents
I'm sure you have many many questions
and that some of you may even be scared
over the weekend we will be addressing
as many of those questions as possible
but I want you to know that you are safe
your homes are safe our nation is safe
we are entering a new era that much is
clear but we do so with strength and
confidence and an abiding belief that
humanity has much to give to other
life-forms that may exist in the vast
universe we live in and that we can also
learn much from these visitors to the
media the press secretary assures me
that you will find full information
packets and hard drives with a selection
of photos videos and reports which I
have Declassified through presidential
order the Attorney General will begin a
thorough review of other material and
consultation with the Congress and the
chairs of the House and Senate
intelligence committees as to what can
be released in the future and in what
time frame I ask your patience the
process will be difficult yet today we
do begin it together may God bless not
just the United States of America but
may he also bless our home the earth
thank you